add Rust package guidelines (#33)
bioconda/bioconda.github.io: _sources/contributor/guidelines.rst.txt

  <https://github.com/bioconda/bioconda-recipes/tree/master/recipes/soapdenovo>`_
  have many fixes to makefiles

Rust
----

The Rust compiler is included with the special macro ``{{ compiler('rust') }}``. In addition, 
if your package relies on the C/C++ compilers, either directly, or indirectly through 
building dependencies, use the :ref:`macros for those compilers <c-cpp>` too. 

Keeping in line with `conda-forge policies <https://conda-forge.org/docs/maintainer/adding_pkgs/#licenses-of-included-dependencies>`_, 
all (Rust) dependencies of your package should have their license included in the package. 
This can be done by including, and using, |cargo-bundle-licenses|_ in the build process. 
However, make sure to include the license files in the package (see below).

.. |cargo-bundle-licenses| replace:: ``cargo-bundle-licenses``
.. _cargo-bundle-licenses: https://github.com/sstadick/cargo-bundle-licenses

Lastly, there are some Cargo flags that are recommended for making the build process 
as reproducible as possible across different systems. |locked|_ ensures the builds is 
deterministic by asserting that the exact same dependencies and versions are used as in 

> the ``Cargo.lock`` file. |no-track|_ to prevent Cargo from tracking the installed binaries, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ``Cargo.lock`` file. |no-track|_ prevents Cargo from tracking the installed binaries, 
```

ensuring a clean and reproducible build environment for the package. ``--root $PREFIX`` 

> to install the package into the correct place in the Conda environment. ``--path`` to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
installs the package into the correct place in the Conda environment. ``--path``
```

> specify the path to the package source code (usually the current directory ``.``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specifies the path to the package source code (usually the current directory ``.``).
```
